PSYCHBENCH 2024.12.01 (220953) beta END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT



To contact us please email contact@psychbench.org.



Core
==========

"The core" is all code in PsychBench distributed as .p files, and
documentation in <PsychBench folder>/docs/ and www.psychbench.org/docs/.

The core excludes all element types and their corresponding documentation (see
below).

The core is Copyright © 2017-2025 Giles Holland ("the author").

The core is licensed to you as freeware under the following conditions:

a. You may use the core free of charge.

b. This version of the core will expire at the end of 2025. If you wish to 
continue using the core after then you must download an update. You can check 
for updates using the function pb_update in PsychBench.

c. You may not use the core for commercial purposes except as authorized
expressly in writing by the author.

d. You may not redistribute or otherwise make the core or any of its parts
available to others except as authorized expressly in writing by the author.
Any authorized transferee must agree to the terms of this license agreement.

e. You may not modify the core.

f. You may not convert any core code to plain text, reverse-engineer it, or
otherwise attempt to derive it.

g. You expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the core is at your sole
risk. It is provided "as is". The author disclaims all warranties and
conditions with respect to it (express, implied, and statutory), including but
not limited to the warranties and/or conditions of merchantability,
satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, and
noninfringement of third-party rights. No oral or written information given by
the author or his authorized representatives shall create a warranty or
condition.

h. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY DAMAGES
(INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL), INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF ANTICIPATED BENEFITS AND LOSS OF DATA, ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE CORE, REGARDLESS OF
THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF THE AUTHOR
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

i. This agreement is effective until terminated by you or the author. Your
rights under this agreement shall terminate automatically if you fail to
comply with any of its terms.



Standard Element Types
==========

"Standard element types" are all code in <PsychBench folder>/element types/
and their corresponding documentation in <PsychBench folder>/docs/element/ and
www.psychbench.org/elementdocs/.

Standard element types exclude contributed element types and their 
corresponding documentation (see below).

Standard element types are licensed to you as free and open-source software
under the MIT license:

--- (MIT License - https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
Copyright © 2017-2025 Giles Holland ("the author")

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of the standard element types, to deal in them without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of them, and to permit persons to
whom they are furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the standard element types.

THE STANDARD ELEMENT TYPES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE STANDARD ELEMENT TYPES OR THE
USE OF OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THEM. ---



Contributed Element Types
==========

"Contributed element types" are all code in <PsychBench folder>/element types/contributed/ 
and their corresponding documentation in <PsychBench folder>/docs/element/ and 
www.psychbench.org/elementdocs/.

For license terms for a contributed element type, see its documentation at
www.psychbench.org/elementdocs/<element type name>. If no license is stated in
the documentation, the contributed element type is free and open-source
software under the MIT license (see above under Standard Element Types).